welcome to slash forward in this episode
we're going to take some deep and
multi-faceted social issues
and just barely skim the surface of them
with the eric lasalle driven
psychological thriller crazy as hell
for more interesting videos of eric
lasalle boning down
maybe subscribe to the channel who knows
what the future holds
let's get to it we open in a bedroom and
as we pan across we find
clear evidence this space belongs to an
organized successful and
well-traveled individual despite all
this he is a sad man
and based on this apparent hallucination
his sadness is derived from the loss of
a child we then find dr adams arriving
at a state psychiatric hospital where he
has a scheduled meeting with a dr
delazzo
we learned through their conversation
that adams is a hotshot therapist who
has arrived to partake in a documentary
to be filmed on premise
this meeting is the final screening as
dr delazzo is not totally convinced that
he's the man for the job as he's prone
to the type of flashy pop psychology
that delazo finds reckless and
distasteful so delazo recommends he stay
in his lane and keep his nose clean
because the filming will be a 30-day
shoot
24 7 surveillance and observation of me
and 10 consented patients
as they begin their tour we find out
that sinbad's here and he's going to be
around but his overall impact on the
plot will remain
uncertain adams is then shown his fully
furnished room and he gets to know his
surroundings by touching
absolutely everything and then he walks
into a hallucination that shakes him to
his core
after brushing this off he's given a
tour of the facility where he meets the
patients at zoo time where they're given
basically free reign of an open pen with
no structure whatsoever the camera then
takes a little tour of the chaos as we
enjoy some copyright free music that
really sets the tone in a delightful
manner
[Music]
since this will be adam's ward he takes
the opportunity provided by a patient
who tries to make him uncomfortable to
completely dominate her emotionally
thereby exerting his authority then he
meets the director of the documentary
parker
who's a huge fan of his work and uses
their conversation to puke a bunch of
exposition into his face
this is a hidden eye style documentary
there's gonna be cameras all over and
their intention is to just melt into the
background
leaving him to do his thang then they
work their way down the hall where each
new patient has a different totally
unique affliction but all are managed
through medication which goes against dr
adam's methodology
then he meets cheryl a patient who has
proven hard to tame even with medication
and he steps up to demonstrate his
mastery of the human psyche in
all its forms as they discuss her later
in adam's office we see these two men of
power try to convince each other the
best path forward for her treatment
we and they both realize they're playing
a delicate game of chess
figuratively and literally then a new
patient arrives in the night a high
functioning and fashionable man who
admitted himself for reasons unknown
ready to crack that nut adams walks in
and they commence with the introductions
hello dr adams my name is satan pardon
he quickly insists that while he's there
he'll be treated as satan
rather than as someone who thinks he's
satan he reveals he's feeling blue due
to everyone blaming him for everything
bad that happens in the world
but why a hospital instead of a
therapist well you see
dr adam's soul turns him on and he wants
him to accept his hopeless life hoping
this will
in turn prove the hopelessness of
humankind it's a simple plan really i'm
not sure why there's so many questions
about him in his debrief with delazzo we
learned that he's very excited about
this new challenge
so right away satan is included in his
primary group of patients he intends to
get fully functional in the next 30 days
a lofty goal and parker is incredulous
but you don't
ever challenge dr adams he'll make you
eat those words
so he and parker bet on his success he
begins observing and treating the
patients in various capacities
unraveling the bonds that wrap up their
brains via pure logic
for you see all it really takes to cure
someone of a delusion and free them of
their trauma is the right line of
reasoning to convince them otherwise
but he learns from delazo that he's on
well-worn ground here
and the revelations he's pulling out of
his patients are actually not uncovering
anything they haven't already discovered
before but this doesn't face him in fact
the only thing that really sidetracks
him are his own occasional full-on
hallucinations
which often require him to take a soft
20 to her group while doing so he
engages in a personal interaction that
is surely being caught on film
soon enough he's back with satan where
they talk and philosophize
eventually ending up in the commissary
where the discussion turns to life
and each other's interests and hobbies
but the dialogue is cut short when they
hit adams on his hip with a 911 page
things are popping off with cheryl adams
steps in and decides that the only way
to tame this wild horse is to take her
off her meds
you know get her back to base level so
he can unravel her twisted psyche they
have to start this with a blood sample
requiring atoms to entwine his limbs
among hers before he expertly performs
the medical procedure
meanwhile satan preparing for his riding
lessons apparently
looks on once this is settled delazo
lets him know he's got a short leash on
this one
no problem because with step one in the
bag adams proceeds to step two
connecting with cheryl over his dead
daughter's dolphin plushie i mean when
she wakes up with that she's sure to
cooperate with him and stop being
traumatized while taking a break satan
strolls on up to the old piss trough and
hikes up his skirt they have some
playful goating about the devil being
non-binary
depending on the needs of the situation
and adams just soaks him in
but for real his eyes wander hard and
often unperturbed by his manly gaze
satan congratulates the doctor on his
success with cheryl
adamson breaks trust by entering his
living quarters and touching
everything making off with a potentially
damning article but it's all good he
gets retroactive permission from satan
who catches him and welcomes him to take
whatever he'd like he's motivated to try
to figure out satan's true identity and
he instantly tattles about what he found
to dilazzo but this conversation is
short-lived as there is a tremendous
ruckus emanating from the ward
when they explore we find eric lasalle
using his film as a talent vehicle to
show off the joy with which he expresses
himself through the art of dance
moving his body in rhythm with something
and his gyrations ultimately cause a
downright frenzy among the population we
then find them on an experimental field
trip
dr adams thinks it'll help acclimate
them to society by putting them
in it well ahead of their relative
preparedness here satan chooses to press
dr
adams to talk about his dead wife and
daughter adams doesn't talk personal
talk however and he chooses to
completely write off the devil
resulting in dangerous dagger eyes
now angered satan evokes chaos to prove
a point about who's actually in control
here in a brief interlude we learned
that adam sent off some of satan's items
for fingerprinting but each finger came
back matching a different terrible
person through history
confounding their attempts to identify
him we then learn that after the failed
experiment at the park delazo is ready
to cut satan loose to the contrary
however now that he's demonstrated an
actual danger to others
adams is determined to get another crack
at him this instigates another
hallucination in which his wife tries to
convince him that he can't fix
everything and the animated conversation
is captured again on film the next
morning a boy gets up early and works
through that deep burn
as he espouses about the power of the
mind parker tries to get a little deeper
with him and starts to ask him about his
decision to treat his own schizophrenic
daughter which
went poorly and resulted in her death
and the death of his wife
turns out this is a bit of a trigger for
atoms and they get exactly the level of
drama they were hoping for
out of him meanwhile cheryl continues to
deteriorate as she goes through
withdrawal in his method he sets her
loose to trash her room until she gets
all tuckered out
a vital therapeutic step but delazo has
had enough of this dog and pony show
insisting that she'd be put back on the
meds
so adam plays a little trick on him
agreeing to do so and then spending a
few hours by himself in the bathroom
crushing up aspirin to put in her pills
later that night he's awoken by a
shrieking banshee somewhere down the
halls
he finds it emanating from satan's room
where a quick peek confirms he is
providing immeasurable pleasure to his
orderly
i can't show it to you here but it is
quite erotic he has to get all the
gritty deets on this so he follows her
to the city where she ducks into an
underground club of debauchery he
eventually catches up with her on the
dance floor where she's busy
sweating out the funk they find a quiet
place to converse and he tries to see if
satan revealed anything to her that may
help identify who he actually is
all she really knows is that he goes to
deliver food to some old lady a couple
of times a week so the next morning we
find him waking up in his car outside
the house which he
found somehow and then we watch him talk
his way in via the filmmakers who are
watching him he returns from this trip
at the same time the popo are rolling up
to the hospital
cheryl has wreaked havoc in the ward and
is now on the roof still determined to
prove the efficacy of his treatment adam
hops up there ahead of the police and
locks the hatch behind him he tries to
talk her down and it's not going super
well but then satan shows up and starts
to really agitate things
we discover that dr adams has an
internal need to save her as he views
her in a similar light to his daughter
but cheryl says screw your daughter and
floats off the side of the building and
just like that satan is gone
as are apparently the police when satan
emerges from the shadows a fight ensues
in which adams humanizes him by shouting
his family history in his face
the lady he visited was satan's mom so
adams knows he's just a confused man
destined to die like a dog like the rest
of us we then cut to delazzo running
some interference in the whole
cheryl situation in an attempt to cover
his own ass and protect his facility and
career and soon adams is packing the
documentary now over he's preparing to
go but then mr barnett
aka satan's mother arrives just in time
as she's bearing a gift she wants adams
to give to
her son and if she had gotten there five
minutes later he would have already been
gone
anyway she hands him a basket of apples
which is just dripping with metaphor
shown off the room is empty and the mom
was the devil we see
so he gives chase and finds himself back
in his own bedroom right at the moment
we last saw him there so that's nice and
familiar
this time we get to learn new and
interesting things like that the pool of
blood from before
was actually his blood from dying after
he scratched his neck a little with his
ceremonial knife he then enters an
adjacent room and finds bohemian style
dr delazzo with the selection of some of
his best friends but with various forms
of physical trauma on their faces and
bodies
it's a horrifying scene that i'm sure
means
something and adams goes down while
resisting his fate to the very end
hopeful that he'll be remembered as a
good man i'm a good man
repeating this phrase to the point where
it becomes uncomfortable to watch
i have a website set up where you can
support the channel through donations or
merch
i like to take a moment to give a huge
thanks to my donors memorialized in the
hall of head shots
[Music]
crazy as hell was an interesting romp
through the mind of eric lasalle
i'm glad he got to make it but i also
wish the musical selections had been a
bit better if you enjoyed the video i'd
love for you to become a part of the
channel by subscribing thanks for
[Music]
watching